#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile dev-requirements.in
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyppeteer
    #   requests-cache
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cattrs
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
bcp-reader==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bs4
black==22.3.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
bleach==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-sql-dashboard
bs4==0.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-html
cattrs==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-cache
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   pyppeteer
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.2
    # via black
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyquery
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   validators
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==3.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-ninja
    #   django-prettyjson
    #   django-sql-dashboard
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-composite-foreignkey==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-environ==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-markdownx==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-ninja==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-prettyjson==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-sql-dashboard==1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
elasticsearch==7.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
fake-useragent==0.1.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-html
flake8==4.0.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
humanize==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   markdown
    #   pyppeteer
inflect==5.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
lml==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel-io
lxml==4.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel-ezodf
    #   pyexcel-ods3
    #   pyquery
markdown==3.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-sql-dashboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tweepy
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
parse==1.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-html
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pillow==9.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-markdownx
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via black
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via flake8
pycountry==22.3.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
pydantic==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-ninja
pyee==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyppeteer
pyexcel-ezodf==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel-ods3
pyexcel-io==0.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel-ods3
pyexcel-ods3==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via flake8
pyppeteer==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-html
pyquery==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-html
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-html
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tweepy
requests-cache==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests-html==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests-mock==1.9.3
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tweepy
sentry-sdk==1.5.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-prettyjson
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   url-normalize
    #   validators
    #   w3lib
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
standardjson==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-prettyjson
titlecase==2.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via black
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyppeteer
tweepy==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   pydantic
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   pyppeteer
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
validators==0.18.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-html
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
websockets==10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyppeteer
whitenoise==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
