#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via graphene
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pyppeteer
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bcp-reader==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via bs4
bleach==6.1.0
    # via django-sql-dashboard
boto3==1.34.78
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.78
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bs4==0.0.2
    # via requests-html
cattrs==23.2.3
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   charity-django
    #   elasticsearch
    #   pyppeteer
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charity-django @ git+https://github.com/kanedata/charity-django.git@v0.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   click-default-group
    #   sqlite-utils
click-default-group==1.2.4
    # via sqlite-utils
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
confusable-homoglyphs==3.3.1
    # via django-registration
coverage==7.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via pyquery
dj-database-url==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   charity-django
django==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   charity-django
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-ninja
    #   django-ninja-apikey
    #   django-prettyjson
    #   django-registration
    #   django-sql-dashboard
    #   graphene-django
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cte==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-enforce-host==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-markdownx==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ninja==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ninja-apikey
django-ninja-apikey==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-prettyjson==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-registration==3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sql-dashboard @ git+https://github.com/drkane/django-sql-dashboard.git@dk/issue-141
    # via -r requirements.in
django-widget-tweaks==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
elasticsearch==7.17.9
    # via elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   pytest
fake-useragent==1.5.1
    # via requests-html
faker==24.4.0
    # via charity-django
graphene==3.3
    # via graphene-django
graphene-django==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
humanize==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via pyppeteer
inflect==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   charity-django
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
lml==0.1.0
    # via pyexcel-io
lxml==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   pyexcel-ezodf
    #   pyexcel-ods3
    #   pyquery
lxml-html-clean==0.1.1
    # via charity-django
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-sql-dashboard
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via inflect
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tweepy
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   charity-django
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
parse==1.20.1
    # via requests-html
pillow==10.3.0
    # via django-markdownx
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via requests-cache
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   sqlite-utils
promise==2.3
    # via graphene-django
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via charity-django
pycountry==23.12.11
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ninja
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pyee==11.1.0
    # via pyppeteer
pyexcel-ezodf==0.3.4
    # via pyexcel-ods3
pyexcel-io==0.6.6
    # via pyexcel-ods3
pyexcel-ods3==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyppeteer==2.0.0
    # via requests-html
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via requests-html
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-django
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   charity-django
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   sqlite-utils
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   charity-django
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-html
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tweepy
requests-cache==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   charity-django
requests-html==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   charity-django
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via tweepy
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.44.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-prettyjson
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlite-fts4==1.0.3
    # via sqlite-utils
sqlite-utils==3.36
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
standardjson==0.3.1
    # via django-prettyjson
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sqlite-utils
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via graphene-django
titlecase==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   charity-django
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   charity-django
    #   pyppeteer
tweepy==4.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typeguard==4.2.1
    # via inflect
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   cattrs
    #   dj-database-url
    #   inflect
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   typeguard
tzdata==2024.1
    # via django
ua-parser==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   pyppeteer
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
validators==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
w3lib==2.1.2
    # via requests-html
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websockets==10.4
    # via pyppeteer
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-metadata
